(docs) Update documentation for CPMR0067 (#1102)
chocolatey/docs: src/content/docs/en-us/community-repository/moderation/package-validator/rules/cpmr0067.mdx

<PackageValidatorRuleNote />

## Issue

> In the nuspec, the tag `notSilent` has been specified, indicating that the package is not silent. Normally this means that a window will be shown with a progressbar, or automated using Autohotkey.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the nuspec, the tag `notSilent` has been specified, indicating that the package is not silent, which means that there is some indication that an install, upgrade or uninstall is taking place such as a window bieng shown, a progress bar or something else that is visible. 
```

Reviewer: I didn't add in the part about Autohotkey as I wasn't sure it was relevant?

A package not specifying this tag indicates it is entirely silent in all scenarios that are known.

## Recommended Solution

If the installation, upgrade or uninstall of the package is silent, please update the nuspec to not contain the `notSilent` tag.

## Reasoning

> The tag `notSilent` should only be used to indicate that the package is not silent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tag `notSilent` should only be used to indicate that the package is not silent, which means there is some indication that an install, upgrade or uninstall is taking place such as a window bieng shown, a progress bar or something else that is visible. 
```

Reviewer: I just added the definition from above into this one so it's clear. Happy to have the definition changed, but I think we should have it in both places so we are clear and specific.
